docs: Address comments from admin partitions docs changes around networking requirements (#13035)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions.mdx

### General Networking Requirements

> All Consul clients must be able to communicate with the Consul servers for the assigned partition that is assigned to. All servers must also be able to communicate with the clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Consul clients must be able to initiate Gossip, HTTP, and RPC connections to the servers. All servers must also be able to initiate Gossip connections to the clients.
```
